   API - Server is live at http://obscure-oasis-5519.herokuapp.com/
-----------

API endpoints for the snippet backend

All endpoints, except those for account login and creation, require authentication

If authentication fails, a 401 status code is returned as well as an error message. 

For valid authentication, the authentication token received on login or account creation must be passed as the 'auth_token' parameter. For example, /users/all?auth_token=-ibgefjRw6VSEj97VPgx

**** Authorization ****

Create a new account

POST request to /users/new with the parameters 'email' and 'password'.
*Does NOT require authentication
On failure the error messages are returned.
On success a user object is returned which contains the user_id, email, and authentication_token.

Login to an existing account

POST request to /users/sign_in with the parameters 'email' and 'password'
*Does NOT require authentication
On failure an error message is returned.
On success the 'auth_token' and 'id' are returned. 'id' is the user_id of the signed in user, and 'auth_token' is the authorization token that needs to be included with each api call.

Password Reset

/users/:user_id/reset_password
*Does NOT require authentication
Sends an email to the user that allows them to reset their password

Logout

POST request to /users/sign_out
Must include the parameter 'email' of the account to be logged out
A successful call to logout deletes the authentication token so that no further requests can be made using it.

**** Users ****

Get all users
/users/all

Details for a specific user
/users/show/:user_id

All messages belonging to a user
/users/:user_id/messages

All messages between a user and a specific contact. Where contact_id is the user_id of the contact
/users/:user_id/messages/:contact_id

Update a user's info. Email address cannot be changed. Password must be changed with /users/:user_id/reset_password
/users/update
Parameters:
'id' - the user's id
'first_name'
'last_name'
'gender' - Either 'male' or 'female'
'age'

**** Messages ****

Get a specific message
/messages/show/:message_id

Create a new message
POST request to /messages/new
Parameters: 
'src_id' - The user_id of the sender
'dst_email' - The email address of the receiver. This can be an address that doesn't yet have an account; An account will be created for them.
'content' - The message body
'song_id' - The song_id of a song to include. Leave this blank if the message is just text.

**** Songs ****

Show all songs
/songs/all

A specific song
/songs/show/:song_id

**** Categories ****

All categories
/categories/all

All songs in a specific category
/categories/:category_id/all

*************************************


